API KEY : B3y4olgkjypsyU3FXPGigUAMkGrx4EIarZ87ezMV

The plan is to have a homepage, with the picture of the day, and options of what the user wants to click on.
I'll have a search bar that searches for images from the image endpoint. https://images-api.nasa.gov

picture of the day endpoint: GET https://api.nasa.gov/planetary/apod 

Ill have a subpage about the weather on mars. the api enpoint gives lots of details about it. GET https://api.nasa.gov/insight_weather/?api_key=DEMO_KEY&feedtype=json&ver=1.0
Ill have another subpage with photos of mars from the video library endpoint. GET https://images-api.nasa.gov 

I'll have an asteroid page with info about asteroids with the current date, and the search will become an asteroid search. The user should be able to search by date.
The subpage will show the results from the search, and the user can click on an search item to read more..?

The layout will be like this:

Home- picture of the day 
  search- a page that displays the relevant pictures, and the user can click to make it larger.

mars - with pictures, and maybe a description/intro
  weather on mars in a nice display

asteroids - a page about asteroids. with another search function
    search- a page that displays the relevant search info, and the user can click to make it larger.


Components
Header
  Nav
    NavItem
  search (asteroid) - needs to have a date range option, and a link to the asteroidSearch
  search (images) - needs to have a link to the imageDisplay page. 
Footer
icon
any svgs (probably a search )


Pages
Home- image of the day, a little info about the website
  imageDisplay- a place to show all the images, and click on a main photo to see it larger

Mars- images of mars, a button to read more about the weather on mars. (no search option)
  weather - a display of the current weather on mars using the endpoint. 

asteroids- gives info about any current asteroids
  asteroidSearch- displays any asteroid in the date range the user chooses, and the user can click on one to read more.


Hooks
a hook for the api request (hopefully can be used by any component, reusable.)


Utils
might need some for using array methods on the api returned data- for organizational purposes.
might need some for getImageUrl if i have any local images (icon)